Kw/enhance auto breadcrumbs rn (#5637)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/automatic-breadcrumbs/react-native.mdx

> The React Native SDK already captures breadcrumbs automatically via the Native SDKs for Android and iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React Native SDK captures breadcrumbs automatically using the native Android and iOS SDKs:
```

> - [Automatic Breadcrumbs for Android](/platforms/android/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/#automatic-breadcrumbs)
> - [Automatic Breadcrumbs for iOS](/platforms/apple/configuration/integrations/default/#sentryautobreadcrumbtrackingintegration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Automatic breadcrumbs for Android](/platforms/android/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/#automatic-breadcrumbs)
- [Automatic breadcrumbs for iOS](/platforms/apple/configuration/integrations/default/#sentryautobreadcrumbtrackingintegration)
```

- For interaction breadcrumbs wrapp your `App` using the [`Sentry.wrap`](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#wrap-your-root-component) method.

- For navigation breadcrumbs use one of the [SDK's natigation integrations](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#enable-routing-instrumentation).

- `HTTP` requests are included in breadcrumbs by default.

> - To track redux actions and latest store state use [`Sentry.createReduxEnhancer`](platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/redux).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To track redux actions and latest store state use [`Sentry.createReduxEnhancer`](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/redux).
```

error: bad link /platforms/react-native/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/redux

> - For interaction breadcrumbs wrapp your `App` using the [`Sentry.wrap`](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#wrap-your-root-component) method.
> 
> - For navigation breadcrumbs use one of the [SDK's natigation integrations](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#enable-routing-instrumentation).
> 
> - `HTTP` requests are included in breadcrumbs by default.
> 
> - To track redux actions and latest store state use [`Sentry.createReduxEnhancer`](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/redux).

Reviewer: The two items above are clearly related to the sentence that comes before them, but these four items aren't and shouldn't be part of the same list as those first two items. My recommendation would be to just make this a paragraph. If you want to keep these four items as a separate bullet list, then an introductory sentence needs to be added that makes clear why they're all in the same list. 

Also, is `App` here a setting or property or do you just mean the application?
 
```suggestion
For interaction breadcrumbs, wrap your `App` using the [`Sentry.wrap`](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#wrap-your-root-component) method. For navigation breadcrumbs, use one of the [SDK's navigation integrations](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#enable-routing-instrumentation). `HTTP` requests are included in breadcrumbs by default. To track redux actions and the latest store state, use [`Sentry.createReduxEnhancer`](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/redux).
```

Author: Thanks for the comment.

By `App` I meant a root component. I've changed that. 

For the rest, I would like to keep it as a list, so I've added the introductory sentence.

The React Native SDK captures breadcrumbs automatically using the native Android and iOS SDKs:

- [Automatic breadcrumbs for Android](/platforms/android/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/#automatic-breadcrumbs)
- [Automatic breadcrumbs for iOS](/platforms/apple/configuration/integrations/default/#sentryautobreadcrumbtrackingintegration)

> More breadcrumbs are captured by the React Native SDK:

Reviewer: Should this maybe be, "can be captured" since you still have to take some action to have these breadcrumbs captured?
```suggestion
More breadcrumbs are captured by the React Native SDK:
```

Author: Yes, I totally agree. Thank you.

> - For interaction breadcrumbs wrapp your root component using the [`Sentry.wrap`](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#wrap-your-root-component) method.
> 
> - For navigation breadcrumbs use one of the [SDK's natigation integrations](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#enable-routing-instrumentation).
> 
> - `HTTP` requests are included in breadcrumbs by default.
> 
> - To track redux actions and latest store state use [`Sentry.createReduxEnhancer`](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/redux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For interaction breadcrumbs, wrap your root component using the [`Sentry.wrap`](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#wrap-your-root-component) method.
- For navigation breadcrumbs, use one of the [SDK's navigation integrations](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#enable-routing-instrumentation).
- `HTTP` requests are included in breadcrumbs by default.
- To track redux actions and latest store state, use [`Sentry.createReduxEnhancer`](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/configuration/integrations/redux).
```

The React Native SDK already captures breadcrumbs automatically via the Native SDKs for Android and iOS.

- [Automatic Breadcrumbs for Android](/platforms/android/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/#automatic-breadcrumbs)
- [Automatic Breadcrumbs for iOS](/platforms/apple/configuration/integrations/default/#sentryautobreadcrumbtrackingintegration)

> - For interaction breadcrumbs wrapp your `App` using the `Sentry.wrap` method.

Author: Yes, make sense.

```javascript
import * as React from 'react';
import { Text, View } from 'react-native';
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/react-native';

Sentry.init({
  // parameters
});

const App = () => {
  return (
    <View>
      <Text>Hello World</Text>
    </View>
  );
};

export default Sentry.wrap(App);
```

> - For navigation breadcrumbs use one of the SDK's natigation integrations.

Reviewer 2: Same here https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#enable-routing-instrumentation

    - `Sentry.ReactNativeNavigationInstrumentation`
    - `Sentry.ReactNavigationInstrumentation`
    - `Sentry.ReactNavigationV4Instrumentation`

```javascript
import * as React from 'react';
import { Text, View } from 'react-native';
import {
  NavigationContainer,
  NavigationContainerRef,
} from '@react-navigation/native';
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/react-native';

const instrumentation = new Sentry.ReactNavigationInstrumentation();

Sentry.init({
  // Other parameters
  integrations: [
    new Sentry.ReactNativeTracing({
      routingInstrumentation: instrumentation,
    }),
  ],
});

const App = () => {
  const navigation = React.useRef<NavigationContainerRef>();

  return (
    <NavigationContainer
      ref={navigation}
      onReady={() =>
        instrumentation.registerNavigationContainer(navigation)}>
      {/* Navigator and screens */}
    </NavigationContainer>
  );
};
```

> - To track `HTTP` requests enable tracing either by `tracesSampler` or `tracesSampleRate` and `enableAutoPerformanceTracking` options. Or setup your own `Sentry.RectNativeTracing`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need that for breadcrumbs.
See https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/#automatic-breadcrumbs
This is enabled by default and independent of tracing.

Author: Ill check that because I looked it to the code and it doesn’t look enabled by default.

Author: Okay, it does work like a charm.
I confused it with tracing xhr.
https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/7a58171df3ba20d4efe41620a24767445493d6c9/src/js/tracing/reactnativetracing.ts#L223

```javascript
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/react-native';

Sentry.init({
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
  enableAutoPerformanceTracking: true,
  // Other parameters
});
```

> - To track redux actions and latest store state use `Sentry.createReduxEnhancer`.

Reviewer 2: Does this work for RN? I've never tested myself.
Worth adding to https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/configuration/integrations

This page does not exist yet, ideally, it should, with all the possible integrations.
Example https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dart/configuration/integrations/

Author: Yes it does, it’s in the sample app. Ive tested it.

Author: It's actually from JS SDK, so I'll just add link to it.
